>> Evan You: Render functions,
we're finally getting to it.
Before we talk about render functions, so
there is this sort of competing schools
of thoughts in front end community about
JSX render functions versus templates.
People who like templates hate JSX,
people who like JSX hate templates, and
in my opinion,
they are pretty much the same thing.
When we talk about these things,
we need to think about their end goals.
Both JSX and templates are a way of
declaring the relationship
between the dom and our state.
Templates is just a more static and
more constraining form
of expression, and
that static property has its advantages.
So template is more static, JSX or
render functions are more dynamic.
Being more dynamic gives you advantage of
full access to the programming language.
You can do anything you want.
[COUGH] As long as you
can write it in code,
you can do it in the render function.
So that kind of gets rid of the need for
inventing new syntax and
templates in order for you to achieve
some esoteric rendering requirements.
On the other side,
templates are more static.
In fact, few templates are syntax-wise,
they are parsable by any HTML parser.
So that allows you to quickly migrate
existing templates or migrating existing,
say, markups produced by designers,
you can quickly adopt them into your code.
Better familiarity, and more importantly,
the static nature of templates allowing
better compile time optimizations.
The dynamic nature of JSX actually
make optimization much more difficult,
because there are less
assumptions that can be made.
Because templates are constrained,
these constraints actually serves benefits
when you are trying to compile them,
because you know that you can only
write the template this way, so
you can assume a lot of things can do
more optimizations at the compile time.
So there are benefits on both sides.
But eventually View supports both,
because we see benefits on both sides.
So we expose the templates as the default
API, but we also allow you to drop down
to the render function layer when you
actually need that level of flexibility.
It's just we don't use it as the default.